README.md, before:

# arduino_coding

## What's this?
Code i did while learning Arduino in the intro 3 weeks Arduino course ['Arduino y algunas aplicaciones'](https://www.coursera.org/learn/arduino-aplicaciones) de la UNAM. plus the materials and schematics to complete it.

There's 2 projects on here:
1. Prototype of LED lights designed as arrow shapes for byciclist for safe transportation purposes.
2. An automatic pill dispenser that uses a motor to control the pill positions with an alarm with sound and lights.

## Materials

The materials required can be found on [this document for materials](https://github.com/hiyorijl/coursera-arduino/blob/main/%F0%9F%9B%A0%EF%B8%8F%20materials%20and%20needed%20stuff/(spanish)%20material%20list%20%2C%20lista%20de%20materiales.pdf), in my country the 2 projects has costed $128 dollars for reference.

## Learning and knowledge prerequired.
The document for materials and the whole course on Coursera is on Spanish. [QTranslate](https://community.chocolatey.org/packages?q=QTranslate) is a good software if you're interested on translating quickly the material list. On the software side the project *can* be completed with C++ beginner-intermediate experience and the hardware part can be completed if you can actually read schematic diagrams beforehand (or not i wouldn't know lmaooo).
### further learning experience
useful while making the projects:
- [for buttons on protoboard: jumper cables, positions, etc](https://youtu.be/VPGRqML_v0w)

for further learning later
    -   [IO-pin-numbers](https://forum.arduino.cc/t/how-to-provide-an-easy-to-read-schematic-and-how-not/989506)
    - [books on Arduino forum](https://forum.arduino.cc/t/recommend-a-c-book/550697/3)

The whole course is just **2 examples** used as intro projects for Arduino since the projects is just C++ code with Arduino libraries using the Arduino IDE (for quick install `choco install arduino` on Windows otherwsie [here](https://support.arduino.cc/hc/en-us/articles/360019833020-Download-and-install-Arduino-IDE)), I don't have experience with other IDEs or envs for making Arduino hardware / framework work *yet* but some might be interested on [PlatformIO IDE for VSCode](https://github.com/platformio/platformio-vscode-ide).

This code is originally used for Arduino UNO with the following schematic diagram for the IO-pin-numbers [![Armado-del-prototipo-de-chaleco-para-ciclistas-2023-06-03.png](https://i.postimg.cc/26Qkj8BZ/Armado-del-prototipo-de-chaleco-para-ciclistas-2023-06-03.png)](https://postimg.cc/Q9MG0Dm8)

Commit message:

READ ME recording complete I think?

README.md, after:

# arduino_coding

## What's this?
Code I did while learning Arduino in the intro 3 weeks Arduino course ['Arduino y algunas aplicaciones'](https://www.coursera.org/learn/arduino-aplicaciones) de la UNAM. plus the materials and schematics to complete it. Repository's main purpose is to recording my learning experience with Arduino.

There's **2 projects** on here:
1. Prototype of LED lights designed as arrow shapes for byciclist for safe transportation purposes.
2. An automatic pill dispenser that uses a motor to control the pill positions with an alarm with sound and lights.

## Materials

The materials required can be found on [this document for materials](https://github.com/hiyorijl/coursera-arduino/blob/main/%F0%9F%9B%A0%EF%B8%8F%20materials%20and%20needed%20stuff/(spanish)%20material%20list%20%2C%20lista%20de%20materiales.pdf), in my country the 2 projects has costed $128 dollars for reference. you also will need to send to a professional that knows how to cut MDF with lasers and knows AutoCAD to make the pill dispenser, I asked an architecture student and they know locations on where to find them or search on Google (maps) *laser cutting services*.

## Learning and knowledge prerequired.
The document for materials and the whole course on Coursera is on Spanish. On the software side the project *can* be completed with C++ beginner-intermediate experience and the hardware part can be completed if you can actually read schematic diagrams beforehand (or not i wouldn't know lmaooo).

### learning experience and further
- Useful while making the projects:
    - [for buttons on protoboard: jumper cables, positions, etc](https://youtu.be/VPGRqML_v0w)

- **For further learning later**
    - [IO-pin-numbers on Arduino forum](https://forum.arduino.cc/t/how-to-provide-an-easy-to-read-schematic-and-how-not/989506)
    - [books on Arduino forum](https://forum.arduino.cc/t/recommend-a-c-book/550697/3)
    - AutoCAD
    - [Practical Electronics for Inventors  book amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Practical-Electronics-Inventors-Fourth-Scherz/dp/1259587541)

### Environment
The whole course is just **2 examples** used as intro projects for Arduino since the projects is just **C++** code with Arduino libraries using the Arduino IDE (`choco install arduino` on Windows), I don't have experience with other IDEs or envs for making Arduino hardware / framework work *yet* but some might be interested on [PlatformIO IDE for VSCode](https://github.com/platformio/platformio-vscode-ide).

## Schematics for IO pin numbers on Arduino UNO
This code is originally used for an Arduino UNO with the following schematic diagram for the IO-pin-numbers [![Armado-del-prototipo-de-chaleco-para-ciclistas-2023-06-03.png](https://i.postimg.cc/26Qkj8BZ/Armado-del-prototipo-de-chaleco-para-ciclistas-2023-06-03.png)](https://postimg.cc/Q9MG0Dm8)
